Light of the seven
Autonomous light following bot event

Description:
As the Game of Thrones intensifies and makes you clamour for your favorite king or queen, winter is
coming, and days shorten and nights lengthen. The Song of Ice and Fire tells you to listen to your heart,
believe in yourself and seek the light within and around you. As a faithful Westerosi, follow the light and
you will always be safe. For the night is dark and full of terrors.
Problem statement:
Build an autonomous bot that moves towards a light source and stays at rest when no source of light is
detected.

Tasks:
I.  The bot has to move towards a light source in the arena. Light sources will be turned on and off
in a sequence and the bot has to follow this sequence.
II. The participants will be given control of the lights and the bot has to be made to move towards
a point in the arena by turning on and off the light sources in an efficient manner.

Specifications:

Bot
 The bot must have an LED on it that acts as an indicator for the bot, in the dark. The sensors
  must be calibrated such that this LED doesn’t interfere with the target light.
 Only onboard sensors are allowed. No form of external communication is permitted. The bot
  takes all decisions autonomously.
 The bot can have a non combustion based onboard power source. Further, voltage difference
  between any two points must not exceed 12 V at all times.
 After the timer has been initiated, no user intervention will be allowed.
 The bot has to fit inside a 30cmX30cmX30cm box at all instances of time.
 Any damage to the arena and objects present will lead to disqualification of the team. The team
  must ensure that their bot doesn’t contain any sharp regions that could cause any potential
  damage.

Arena
 The size of the arena will be 10feetX10feet
 Target light sources will be placed at different locations on the arena. The shape bounded by
   these light sources will be convex.
 The light sources will be 100W bulbs. At any given instant of time, only one light source will be
   switched on.
 The light source will be turned off when the bot is close to the light source. The bot is said to
   have successfully reached the target if the target light source switches off and a new target light
   source is triggered on. The light source is switched off just before the bot reaches the target to
   prevent the bot from colliding with the light source.
 The arena will be a dark arena with the only light sources being the target light sources and the
   indicator LED on the bot.
